# Sprint Daily Meetings

## Team Members

- Beatriz Silva - 1200347
- David Sousa - 1220784 (SCRUM Master)
- Mara Teixeira - 1221244
- Rodrigo Correia - 1220604
- Tiago Carvalho - 1221124

---

## 17/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): Rodrigo Correia (due to personal reasons; he will fill in the daily meeting notes)
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 18/04/2024

| Team Member                                    | What did I do?                 | What problems I had             | What am I going to do next?     |
|------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README)   | Started US1006 README.md.      | None.                           | Finish US1006 README.md.        |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README)     | Started US1001 documentation.  | Define what UC my US will have. | Continue US1001 documentation.  |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README)   | Started US1002 README.md.      | None.                           | Finish US1002 README.md         |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README) | Started US2000a documentation. | None.                           | Continue US2000a documentation. |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README)  | Started US1000 documentation.  | Define what UC my US will have. | Continue US1000 documentation.  |

---

## 18/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 19/04/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                                           | What problems I had                    | What am I going to do next?                              |
|---------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | (UC014) Requirements-engineering done, Analysis done and Design started. | None.                                  | (UC014) Finish Design and start Test-and-implementation  |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC005) Requirements-engineering done, Analysis started.                 | None.                                  | (UC005) Finish Analysis and start Design.                |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   | (UC006) Requirements-engineering done. (UC007) Folders created.          | Some doubts about ssd.                 | (UC007) Do Requirements-engineering.                     |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) |                                                                          |                                        |                                                          |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | (UC001) Requirements-engineering done, Analysis done and Design started. | Doubts about EAPLI Framework's design. | (UC001) Finish Design and start Test-and-implementation. |

---

## 19/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 22/04/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                                                                    | What problems I had                                   | What am I going to do next?                                    |
|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | (UC014) Continue developing Design.                                                               | Some doubts related to the classes that will be used. | Finish Analysis domain model, because there were some updates. |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC005) Added client answers to requirements-engineering's readme.md. Start developing Design sd. | Some doubts related to the classes that will be used. | Finish SD and develop CD.                                      |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   | (UC007) Start developing UC007.                                                                   | None.                                                 | Continue development UC007.                                    |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) | (UC008) Finished SSD and started SD. Study EAPLI.                                                 | How value objects are validate.                       | Start Analysis.                                                |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | (UC001) Continue the development of Design.                                                       | Can't change some framework classes.                  | Continue Analysis.                                             |

---

## 22/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 23/04/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                          | What problems I had                                            | What am I going to do next? |
|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | (UC014) CD and SD changed according to EAPLI Framework. | What type of personal data should be displayed.                | Finish UC014 documentation. |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC001) Analysis done and Design almost complete.       | Issues related to SD.                                          | Finish UC005 documentation. |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   | (UC006) Analysis done and Design started.               | Some doubts related SD.                                        | Finish UC006 documentation. |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) |                                                         |                                                                |                             |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | (UC001) Implementation nearly done.                     | Class Diagram, Sequence Diagram and Tests need to be reviewed. | Start UC002 documentation.  |

## 23/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 24/04/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                                                                          | What problems I had             | What am I going to do next?     |
|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | (UC014) Documentation finished.                                                                         | None.                           | (UC014) Start implementation.   |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC005) Tests complete and implementation started.                                                      | Doubts related to bootstrapper. | (UC005) Work on implementation. |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   | (UC006) Keep working on documentation.                                                                  | None.                           | (UC006) Finish documentation.   |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) | (UC008) Keep working on documentation. (UC009) Documentation started                                    |                                 |                                 |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | (UC001) Finished. (UC004) Documentation started and done Requirements-engineering, Analysis and Design. | None.                           | (UC004) Finish documentation.   |

## 24/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 26/04/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                                                                                         | What problems I had                      | What am I going to do next?                                                      |
|---------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | (UC014) Finish documentation. (UC015) Started documentation.                                                           | None.                                    | (UC015) Finish documentation.                                                    |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC005) Work some more in implementation and updated some classes from the framework.                                  | Some doubts related on how to implement. | (UC005) Finish implementation and update Readme's from Requirements-engineering. |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   | (UC006 & UC007) Some errors fixed and Readme from Requirements-engineering updated after client answer some questions. | None.                                    | (UC007) Finish Design.                                                           |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) | (UC008) Continue documentation. (UC021) Start studying how to implement ANTLR.                                         | None.                                    | (UC008) Finish documentation.                                                    |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | (UC001) Set to review. (UC004) Documentation almost done, missing Test-and-implementation.                             | None.                                    | (UC004) Finish documentation. (UC003) Start documentation.                       |

## 26/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 29/04/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                                       | What problems I had                                   | What am I going to do next?            |
|---------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | (UC015) Documentation finished. (UC016) Documentation started.       | Doubts on UC015 implementation.                       | (UC016) Continue documentation.        |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC005) Working on implementation. (UC010) C implementation started. | Some problems with the bd and classes implementation. | (UC005) Finish code. (UC015) Do tests. |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   |                                                                      |                                                       |                                        |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) | (UC008) Finish documentation                                         |                                                       | (UC009) Continue documentation         |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | (US1000) Documentation finished for all UC from this US.             | None.                                                 | Fix some projects.                     |

## 29/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 30/04/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                                             | What problems I had                | What am I going to do next?                                                                 |
|---------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | (UC014) Documentation done. (UC015) Started implementation. LPROG started. | None.                              | Continue LPROG.                                                                             |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC016) Implementation almost done.                                        | Doubts regarding what tests to do. | (UC015) Continue implementation.                                                            |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   | (UC006) Implementation started.                                            | None.                              | (UC006) Finish implementation.                                                              |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) | (UC009) Continue documentation                                             |                                    | Organize documentation.                                                                     |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | (UC001, UC002, UC003, UC004, UC005) US1000 done.                           | None.                              | Implementation of necessary classes for project structure. (UC015) Continue implementation. |

## 30/04/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 02/05/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do?                                                                  | What problems I had                  | What am I going to do next?                           |
|---------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   | Keep working on LPROG.                                                          | None.                                | Finish LPROG.                                         |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     | (UC016) Implementation done, tests needed                                       | Doubts regarding ANTLR.              | Work on US1008.                                       |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   | (UC006) Continue implementation.                                                | None.                                | (UC006) Finish implementation.                        |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) | Documentation reorganized.                                                      | None.                                | Work on LPROG.                                        |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  | Domain Objects and Repositories created to help the development of the project. | How to document and implement ANTLR. | (UC020) Documentation. Will fix some existing errors. |

## 02/05/2024

* Location: ISEP
* Duration: 15 minutes
* Participant(s): Beatriz Silva, David Sousa, Mara Teixeira, Rodrigo Correia, Tiago Carvalho
* Absent(s): None
* Note taker: David Sousa (SCRUM Master)
* Next meeting: 03/05/2024

| Team Member                                       | What did I do? | What problems I had | What am I going to do next? |
|---------------------------------------------------|----------------|---------------------|-----------------------------|
| [Beatriz Silva - 1200347](../1200347/README.md)   |                |                     |                             |
| [David Sousa - 1220784](../1220784/README.md)     |                |                     |                             |
| [Mara Teixeira - 1221244](../1221244/README.md)   |                |                     |                             |
| [Rodrigo Correia - 1220604](../1220604/README.md) |                |                     |                             |
| [Tiago Carvalho - 1221124](../1221124/README.md)  |                |                     |                             |